README.md, before:

Ballerina Runtime Library
===================

  [![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/commits/master)
  [![Github issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/io.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fio)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

The Runtime library is one of the standard library modules of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

This module provides functions to interact with the Ballerina runtime and the runtime invocation context.

For more information go to [The Runtime Module](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/runtime/).

## Issues and Projects 

Issues and Project are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 

This repository only contains the source code for the module.

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
    * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
      
    * [OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
### Building the Source

Execute the commands below to build from source.

1. To build the library:

        ./gradlew clean build

2. To run the integration tests:

        ./gradlew clean test

3. To build the module without the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To debug the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -Pdebug=<port>

## Contributing to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

All contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful Links

* Discuss about code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
* Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
* Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag.

Commit message:

Change module to package in README

README.md, after:

Ballerina Runtime Library
===================

  [![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-runtime/commits/master)
  [![Github issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/io.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fio)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

The Runtime library is one of the standard library packagec of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

This package provides functions to interact with the Ballerina runtime and the runtime invocation context.

For more information go to [The Runtime Package](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/runtime/).

## Issues and Projects 

Issues and Project are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 

This repository only contains the source code for the package.

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
    * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
      
    * [OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
### Building the Source

Execute the commands below to build from source.

1. To build the library:

        ./gradlew clean build

2. To run the integration tests:

        ./gradlew clean test

3. To build the package without the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To debug the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -Pdebug=<port>

## Contributing to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

All contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful Links

* Discuss about code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
* Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
* Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag.
